Risk Scenario,Risk Description,Risk Statement,CIA Mapping,Industry
Customer account data is exposed,"Exposure of customer account data may result in identity theft, fraud, regulatory penalties, and reputational damage.",Unauthorized disclosure of customer account data could compromise confidentiality.,"C,I,A",
Customer account data is corrupted and no longer accurate. ,"Corrupted customer account data may cause incorrect balances, transaction errors, and inability to provide accurate services.",Integrity of customer account data is compromised.,"C,I,A",
Customer accounts cannot be managed for 1 week. ,"Customers will be unable to update or manage their accounts for one week, leading to customer dissatisfaction, compliance breaches, and reputational loss.",Prolonged unavailability of customer account management services.,"C,I,A",
Electronic banking accounts are exposed.,"Exposure may lead to account takeovers, fraud, regulatory non-compliance, and significant customer trust issues.",Unauthorized disclosure of electronic banking account data.,"C,I,A",
Electronic banking accounts are corrupted and no longer accurate.,"Customers may see incorrect balances, failed transactions, and loss of trust in online banking services.",Integrity of electronic banking accounts is compromised.,"C,I,A",
Electronic banking applicaton cannot be accessed for 4 hours. ,"Customers will face disruption in accessing accounts and performing transactions, potentially leading to customer complaints and reputational impact.",Short-term unavailability of online banking services.,"C,I,A",
Electronic banking applicaton cannot be accessed for 1 day. ,"Customers are unable to access funds or conduct online transactions for 24 hours, resulting in financial loss, customer frustration, and regulatory scrutiny.",One-day outage of online banking platform.,"C,I,A",
Electronic banking applicaton cannot be accessed for 1 week. ,"Extended downtime prevents customers from banking online, leading to severe financial, operational, and reputational impacts.",Prolonged outage of online banking platform.,I,
Payments data is exposed. ,"Exposure of sensitive payments data may lead to fraud, data theft, and regulatory consequences.",Unauthorized disclosure of payments data.,"C,I,A",
Payment data is corrupted and no longer accurate. ,"Corrupted payment records may cause failed or misrouted payments, reconciliation issues, and financial loss.",Integrity of payment transaction data is compromised.,"C,I,A",
ACH payments cannot be completed for 4 hours.,"Customers and businesses cannot complete ACH payments for 4 hours, causing delays and minor financial disruption.",Temporary outage of ACH payment processing.,"C,I,A",
ACH payments cannot be completed for 1 day. ,"Customers and businesses cannot process payments for 24 hours, leading to significant financial impact and reputational damage.",One-day outage of ACH payment processing.,A,
ACH payments cannot be completed for 1 week. ,"Extended downtime prevents settlement of payments, severely impacting customer trust and financial stability.",Prolonged outage of ACH payment processing.,"I, A",
Wire transfer data is exposed.,"Exposure of wire data could result in fraud, misappropriation of funds, and reputational and regulatory consequences.",Unauthorized disclosure of wire transfer data.,"C,I,A",
Wire transfer is corrupted and no longer accurate. ,"Corrupted records may lead to failed transfers, financial loss, and operational disruption.",Integrity of wire transfer data is compromised.,"I, A",
Wire transfers cannot be completed for 4 hours.,"Customers and businesses cannot send or receive wires for 4 hours, causing delays and complaints.",Temporary outage of wire transfer processing.,"C,I,A",
Wire transfers cannot be completed for 1 day.,Prolonged disruption impacts customer trust and leads to significant financial loss.,One-day outage of wire transfer processing.,"C,I,A",
Wire transfers cannot be completed for 1 week.,Severe financial and reputational consequences arise from inability to process wires for a week.,Extended outage of wire transfer processing.,"C,I,A",
ATM data is exposed,"Exposure may result in fraud, card cloning, and regulatory consequences.",Unauthorized disclosure of ATM transaction data.,"C,I,A",
ATM data is corrupted and no longer accurate. ,Incorrect balances or failed transactions may result in customer complaints and financial losses.,Integrity of ATM transaction data is compromised.,"C,I,A",
ATMs are not available for 1 day.,"Customers cannot withdraw or deposit funds, leading to dissatisfaction and reputational harm.",Outage of ATM services for 24 hours.,"I, A",
ATMs are not available for 1 week.,"Customers face severe disruption in accessing cash, leading to trust erosion and operational damage.",Prolonged outage of ATM services.,"C,I,A",
Fraud monitoring data is exposed. ,"Exposure may reveal fraud detection methods, enabling attackers to bypass controls.",Unauthorized disclosure of fraud monitoring data.,"C,I,A",
Fraud monitoring is not available for 1 week. ,Inability to detect fraudulent transactions for a week increases financial loss and compliance risks.,Extended unavailability of fraud monitoring systems.,"C,I,A",
KYC data is exposed.,"Exposure of sensitive personal data could result in identity theft, fraud, and regulatory penalties.",Unauthorized disclosure of customer KYC data.,"C,I,A",
KYC data is corrupted and no longer accurate. ,"Corruption of data may prevent accurate verification, leading to compliance failures.",Integrity of KYC records is compromised.,C,
KYC is not able to process new applications for 1 week. ,"New account onboarding halts, impacting revenue, customer satisfaction, and regulatory obligations.",KYC services unavailable for one week.,"C,I,A",
Customer loan data is exposed. ,"Exposure of loan details could result in privacy violations, fraud, and reputational harm.",Unauthorized disclosure of customer loan data.,"C,I,A",
Loans cannot be originated for 4 hours. ,"Customers cannot apply for new loans for 4 hours, causing minimal operational disruption.",Temporary disruption in loan origination.,"C,I,A",
Loans cannot be originated for 1 day. ,Revenue and customer experience are negatively impacted due to inability to issue loans.,One-day outage in loan origination.,"C,I,A",
Loans cannot be originated for 1 week. ,"Severe impact on revenue, customer relationships, and market competitiveness.",Prolonged disruption in loan origination.,"I, A",
Customer underwriting data is exposed. ,Exposure of proprietary models or criteria may allow manipulation of loan applications and damage competitiveness.,Unauthorized disclosure of underwriting data.,"C,I,A",
Underwriting models are corrupted and no longer accurate. ,"Corrupted models lead to incorrect risk assessments, financial losses, and regulatory issues.",Integrity of underwriting data is compromised.,"C,I,A",
Underwriting cannot take place for 1 week. ,"Loan decisions cannot be made, halting credit issuance and damaging business continuity.",Prolonged disruption of underwriting processes.,"C,I,A",
Customer loan data is corrupted and no longer accurate. ,"Errors in loan servicing, repayment schedules, and balances may occur, leading to customer disputes and losses.",Integrity of customer loan records is compromised.,"C,I,A",
Loans cannot be serviced for 1 day. ,"Customers cannot make or track payments, causing financial reconciliation issues.",One-day disruption in loan servicing.,"I, A",
Loans cannot be serviced for 1 week. ,"Extended inability to manage loan repayments causes severe financial, operational, and reputational impact.",Prolonged disruption in loan servicing.,"C,I,A",